Update log collector docs for the fluentd to fluent-bit migration (EV-6164) (#2815)
tigera/docs: calico-cloud/observability/packetcapture.mdx

$[prodname] packet capture is implemented in a Kubernetes-native way so you can troubleshoot service/application connectivity issues and performance issues. You can start a packet capture in the web console Service Graph, or using the CLI.

> Packet capture integration with **Service Graph** makes it very easy to capture traffic for a specific namespace, service, replica set, DaemonSet, StatefulSet, or pod. Just right-click on an endpoint to start or schedule a capture, and then download capture files to your favorite visualization tool like Wireshark.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Packet capture integration with **Service Graph** makes it very easy to capture traffic for a specific namespace, service, ReplicaSet, DaemonSet, StatefulSet, or pod. Just right-click on an endpoint to start or schedule a capture, and then download capture files to your favorite visualization tool like Wireshark.
```

Author: Applied in a6cd6eca2.

### Packet capture in Service Graph

> 1. Select an endpoint from the service graph (for example, namespace, service, replica set, DaemonSet, StatefulSet, or pod), right-click, and select **Initiate packet capture**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select an endpoint from the service graph (for example, namespace, service, ReplicaSet, DaemonSet, StatefulSet, or pod), right-click, and select **Initiate packet capture**.
```

Author: Applied in a6cd6eca2.
